docs: Add build and Entrypoint compatibility warnings (#630)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/relay-kit/guides/4337-safe-sdk.mdx

# Safe accounts with the Safe4337Module

<Callout type="warning">

>   **Supported Entrypoint Version:** Safe is currently compatible **only** with version 0.6 of the ERC 4337 Entrypoint. Version 0.7 is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Supported Entrypoint Version:** Safe is currently compatible **only** with version 0.6 of the ERC 4337 Entrypoint. Version 0.7 is not supported yet.
```

>   **Supported Entrypoint Version:** Safe is currently compatible **only** with version 0.6 of the ERC 4337 Entrypoint. Version 0.7 is not supported yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **EntryPoint compatibility:**  The Relay Kit only supports the ERC-4337 EntryPoint v0.6. v0.7 is not supported yet.
```
